welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 11 episode 5. and
remember the best way to watch these new
episodes of the walking dead is on amc
plus link in the description to sign up
now and join in for this epic final
season of the walking dead this episode
starts back at alexandria where jerry is
enjoying his morning pee which is rudely
interrupted by walkers inside the walls
it's all hands on deck to push them back
and get that wall fixed but they know
it's just gonna break again to fix it
for real they need better tools now
remember they had a blacksmith with
theoretically good tools back at hilltop
yes our gang's on an excursion to go see
what they can find unfortunately they
don't find much except burned-up zombies
of their former friends but wait what's
this these walkers are circling around
like they're being herded by whisperers
oh yeah one survived they catch this guy
he's like please don't kill me i don't
want any trouble i just want to survive
and lydia's like yeah i kind of knew
this dude he's chill but aaron doesn't
trust him and when they go down to the
cellar turns out he's not alone he's got
a few friends with him it turns into a
little fight and aaron is real mad now
he interrogates this guy with a zombie
in fact he lets it bite his hand yeah
clock sticking now if you tell me the
truth i'll cut your hand off to stop the
infection and you could survive with a
cool fake hand like me this guy's got
nothing to say though he's like yeah
some whispers survived and we were
hanging out but now they're gone and i
don't know anything else lydia wants no
part of this and finally carol shoots
the zombie like hey aaron you're going
down a dark path here i know cause i did
it last season i know you want vengeance
on the whisperers but don't let it turn
you into a bad person meanwhile back at
alexandria little judith grimes and is
teaching the other kids how to fight she
has to deal with a bully who later
breaks her hand print planks she made
with her brother carl and it's aunt
rosita who comes in to comfort her with
some comforting words now let's check in
with maggie and negan having to work
together to survive things are still
rocky between them negan's never quite
sure if this is the moment maggie's
gonna kill him eventually they make it
to maggie's safe house but none of the
other group is here yet nigga's like yo
maggie they're probably dead we should
take what we can and go home but
maggie's like nah man we're sticking
around and waiting negan tries to leave
like hey i'm not waiting here to die and
maggie's gotta stop him they have a
little shoving match but just then a
couple of their friends make it back
including father gabriel who also votes
to stay so now negan's outvoted and now
we check in with the commonwealth crew
yeah they're watching the intro video
which is a hilariously cheesy old school
video it's generally presented as a nice
happy place we only learn a few things
this guy is lance hornsby who's not the
top leader he's just a leader the top
leader apparently is governor pamela
milton who they say is a really great
person but we have a bad history with
people called the governor so now that
our gang has been granted asylum they're
all given jobs according to their skill
sets yumiko though is not given a job
she's got a letter to go meet with the
higher-ups in government yeah they know
she's this real smart lawyer they want
her but remember they're not actually
here seeking asylum they're trying to
get help for their friends back in
alexandria so our group splits up to get
the lay of the land yumiko goes to find
her brother who's now working in a
bakery and yeah siblings reunited he's
been here basically since the beginning
he got real lucky and avoided the
horrors of the zombie apocalypse but
she's like wait a minute bro you were a
surgeon what are you doing baking cakes
and he's like yo i just like baking
cakes it's nice and peaceful eugene
finally gets to go on a date with
stephanie they get ice cream which is a
huge plus in the commonwealth's favor
he's like hey girl it's great to meet
you but i really need to get help from
my friends how can we do that and she's
like well there's a lot of red tape
it'll take weeks but i work in the
communications department i can get you
into the radio that i used to talk to
you you could talk to your friends back
home so it's time for a little mission
impossible princess is outside running
interference with the orange power
ranger who now we know his name is
mercer she basically flirts with him
like hey man that armor makes your butt
look good and he seems kind of open to
it so eugene does get in touch with
alexandria like hey yeah we're okay but
their connection's broken up before they
could say anything else and
unfortunately mercer busts him whoop the
jig is up it's like hey we're just
trying to help our friends and they're
like we don't care we have a lot of
rules in place and you just broke them
all but then who busts in it's lance
hornsby cheesy video guy he's like hey
you all sit tight i'm not gonna let them
banish you but stephanie gives them the
bad news we did break the rules we're
gonna be punished somehow then at the
end of the episode we're back at hilltop
where they've decided to let this guy
live and because they were nice to him
he does freely offer some information he
knows that connie is alive yes he saw
her make it out of the mind so next
episode it's time for a rescue mission
and that's where episode 5 comes to an
end season 11 is off to an exciting
start you want to be watching it and you
know the best way to do that is on amc
plus stream each new episode ad free
from any device and on amc plus only get
early access to the episode the week
before they have a great deal going
right now the annual plan is only 4.99 a
month so click that link in the
description and start your free trial of
amc plus now and join in for the epic
final season the beginning of the end of
the walking dead
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member